backend/cos: Support endpoint (#33656)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/settings/backends/cos.mdx

- `encrypt` - (Optional) Whether to enable server side encryption of the state file. If it is true, COS will use 'AES256' encryption algorithm to encrypt state file.
- `acl` - (Optional) Object ACL to be applied to the state file, allows `private` and `public-read`. Defaults to `private`.
- `accelerate` - (Optional) Whether to enable global Acceleration. Defaults to `false`.
- `endpoint` - (Optional) The Custom Endpoint for the COS backend. It supports environment variables `TENCENTCLOUD_ENDPOINT`.

> - `domain` - (Optional) The root domain of the API request. Defaults to `tencentcloudapi.com`. It supports environment variables `TENCENTCLOUD_DOMAIN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `domain` - (Optional) The root domain of the API request. Defaults to `tencentcloudapi.com`. It supports the environment variable `TENCENTCLOUD_DOMAIN`.
```

$ export TENCENTCLOUD_ASSUME_ROLE_SESSION_NAME="my-session-name"
$ export TENCENTCLOUD_ASSUME_ROLE_SESSION_DURATION=3600
$ terraform plan
```

### Endpoint

> If provided with an endpoint url, Terraform will attempt to access COS backend by the `endpoint` configuration or environment variables `TENCENTCLOUD_ENDPOINT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If provided with an endpoint URL, Terraform will attempt to access the COS backend by the `endpoint` configuration or the environment variable `TENCENTCLOUD_ENDPOINT`.
```

> A typical endpoint like this: `http://cos-internal.{Region}.tencentcos.cn`, both http or https can be accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A typical endpoint looks like this: `http://cos-internal.{Region}.tencentcos.cn`. Both HTTP and HTTPS are accepted.
```
